Add tutorial for redispatching workflows via Streamlit (#1779)
AgnostiqHQ/covalent: doc/source/tutorials/tutorials.rst

     - :doc:`Tracking stars in the night sky<./2_Astronomy/star_tracker/source>`
   * - Quantum Gravity
     - :doc:`Classifying discrete spacetimes by dimension<./4_QuantumGravity/spacetime_classification/source>`

>    * - Redispatching workflows

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * - Generative AI/LLM
```

>      - :doc:`Redispatching generative AI workflows<./0_ClassicalMachineLearning/genai/source>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - :doc:`Scalable API Backends for LLM and Generative AI <./0_ClassicalMachineLearning/genai/source>`
```
